[IMP] website: add header and footer, improve menu page (#12925)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/websites/website/pages/header_footer.rst

:guilabel:`Add Mega Menu Item`. Enter the :guilabel:`Name` of the mega menu in the pop-up, click
:guilabel:`OK`, then :guilabel:`Save`.

To adapt the options and content of the mega menu, click on a mega menu item in the header, then
click :guilabel:`Edit`. Mega menus are composed of building blocks, which means you can customize
each component individually using inline formatting it is possible to:

- edit the text directly in the building block;
- edit a menu item's URL by selecting the menu item, then clicking the :guilabel:`Edit link` button
  in the small preview pop-up. Type `/` to search for a page on your website, or `#` to search for
  an existing custom anchor.

  .. image:: menus/mega-menu-option.png
     :alt: Edit a mega menu option.

- move a menu item by dragging and dropping the related block to the desired position in the mega
  menu;
- delete a menu item by deleting the related block.

To adapt the general layout of the mega menu, go to the :guilabel:`Customize` tab of the website
builder, in the :guilabel:`Mega Menu` section it is possible to:

- Choose a :guilabel:`Template`.

> - Pick between :guilabel:`Full-Width` or :guilabel:`Narrow` :guilabel:`Size`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pick tthe :guilabel:`Size`: either :guilabel:`Full-Width` or :guilabel:`Narrow`.
```
(I wanted to mention the Size label first)

> - Add :guilabel:`eCommerce Categories`.

Reviewer: I'd remove this as it is ecommerce-specific (I added a note in the Product catalog task to mention it there instead!)

To finalize changes, click on :guilabel:`Save`.

Footer design
=============

> Footers are used to display information such as contact details, links, legal notices and other
> options at the bottom of a web page. To modify the footer click on :guilabel:`Edit`, click on it and

Reviewer: See my comment on line 9: I'd consider moving the first sentence to the introduction under the main heading *Headers and footers* and changing it slightly:

```suggestion
Footers are displayed at the bottom of a web page and usually contain information such as contact details, links, legal notices, and other options.
```
(the second sentence can stay here, as such :wink: )

in the :guilabel:`Footer` section of the :guilabel:`Customize` tab of the website editor, you can:

- Pick a :guilabel:`Template`.

> - Choose its :guilabel:`Color`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Choose its :guilabel:`Colors`.
```

> - Choose a :guilabel:`Slideout Effect` between :guilabel:`Regular`, :guilabel:`Slide Hover` and
>   :guilabel:`Shadow` as a :guilabel:`Slideout Effect`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Choose a :guilabel:`Slideout Effect`: :guilabel:`Regular` (i.e., no effect), :guilabel:`Slide Hover`, or
  :guilabel:`Shadow`.
```

> - Enable the :guilabel:`Copyright` bar.

Reviewer: Since it's enabled by default, I'd rephrase this slightly:

```suggestion
- Toggle the :guilabel:`Copyright` switch to hide or show it.
```

- Choose the :guilabel:`Border` size.
- Add a :guilabel:`Shadow`.
- Add a :guilabel:`Scroll Top Button` and choose its position.

> - Hide the footer through the :guilabel:`Page visibility`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Hide or show the footer by toggling the :guilabel:`Page visibility` switch.
```
